Go with the flow is an interactive and educational game on the functions of FlowCharts. 
This is a platform game  which involves the main character ....who can walk freely around each level who encounters 
a flow chart shape (diamond, rectangle, oval and parallelogram). 

Each chacter was created by myself via MSpaint and have their own characteristics. 
1. Dezy Diamond. is a diamond who represents looping and decision making. He prompts the user who is controlling the main sprite
to answer the question what is the function of a diamond. If the User gets the answer correct which is either (loop or decision) the score variable gains 100 points.
If not then the user looses 100 points

2.Inyouty is a parralellogram. This sprite does the same characteristic is dezy. Asks a question on the function of a paralellogram which is to input and output information.
the answers are (input or output) to gain 100 points. if not then -100 points occurs the the variable score. #

3. Squeg is a rectangle. the answers to his questions are (action or calculate) This will result in 100 points to score or -100 if not correct.

4.sten abreviated from(STartEnd) is an oval shape who asks the question the function of an oval. The answers are (start or end) if correct 100 points to score or -100 to score.

All sprites ask questions which requires The users interaction to answer and add up the total of score. If the score is greater that 250 you win the game. if not you loose and only have 3 lives. 
lives is another variable and if all 3 are gone then the game is over. Each sprite also has an animation of blinking or lauging and prompts a sound when the user answer a question. 

The main sprite has the ability to walk freely onto 5 different levels each encountering a different "Boss" ie shape or character. 

An array was created to hold different questions for the sprites to output. 

If else statements where used also in each of the "bosses" questions also using OR operators. if the question was correct the score would increment by 100
else the score would decrement by -100

 